Business plan for investors

Vision and goals:
Our vision is to support low-income creators who are struggling with branding and provide an environment where they can focus on creating. 

We aim to be a platform where creators can self-produce by providing a low-cost, yet objective, fun, and game-specific UI/UX. 

We also support creators' growth and fulfillment of their need for recognition through psychological safety and community building.
Market and competitiveness:
To solve the challenges faced by creators, we provide low-cost web applications with excellent UI/UX. 

Competitive differentiators include the creation of a unique techno-artist market, daily assistance from AI agents and AI producers, game-like elements, and in-game rewards in cryptocurrency.
Solutions and added value:
The web application we provide offers a low-cost yet excellent UI/UX for low-income creators struggling with branding.

They can utilize self-production-specific features and tools to build their own brand story and interact with AI producers. 

This improves the efficiency and results of their production activities.
Marketing and growth strategy:
The marketing strategy includes the free roll-out of a beta version of the diagnostic tool and the creation of a community. It will raise awareness of the tool as an essential tool for music artists through the use of influencers and the provision of brand stories and interaction with AI producers. As a growth strategy, after achieving the PMF, the service will be expanded to be offered as an individual personal producer service, and community-based marketing will be developed to encourage communication and exchange of skills between creators.

Revenue model:
Our revenue model is a subscription model with the first month free. Customers pay USD 8 per month and have access to all features of the platform. For corporate plans, we offer a new business development program for $25 000. Additional revenue is generated by offering in-game cryptocurrency rewards and adding unique options.
Sales and marketing strategy:
Initially, a beta version of the diagnostic tool will be rolled out for free to build a community of creators. Use influencers to build brand awareness, build brand stories and start offering the ability to interact with AI producers. Attract demand, particularly from music artists, and utilize them as power users.
Growth strategy:
After achieving PMFs through artist connections, we will first establish the service as an individual personal producer service. We will then grow the platform by developing community-based marketing in the form of a fusion of gaming and real life that promotes communication and the exchange of skills between creators. Sa.

Why do we want to do this business:
As a creator myself, I have experienced the current situation where low-income creatives are struggling with branding. From that experience, they needed mentors and producers they could consult on a daily basis. Through this project, I want to provide an environment where low-income creatives can focus on production and help them grow and succeed.


ターゲットオーディエンスの詳細:

1.平均年収300万円
2.国：アジア、US、ヨーロッパ
3.20-35
4.クラブミュージックのアーティスト

テクノロジーとプラットフォーム:

1.Azure open AI
2.python,go
3,Azure strage

AIプロデューサーの役割:

AIプロデューサーがどのようにクリエイターをサポートするかの詳細。
AIの具体的な機能や利点。

Ai producer service

Linking the generative AI,

Develop the artist's brand story and promotional plan.

Just by answering a few simple questions,

verbalise your definition of Personal Identity

(values, strengths, weaknesses, core values,

worldview, talents, catchphrases).


It will compile the verbalised Identity into an original brand, and output it as a game map of what needs to be done, concretised for each Artist.



AI-based personal mentor function

Your dedicated AI Producer will answer any questions you have about your branding.
You can ask questions to the AI producer at any time,

and he will interact with you by mentions of your activities (twitter, instagram, tiktok, etc.) and other social media to do.

Create your own branding map.

Enjoy a brand story adventure with your own personalised world map, generated based on your favourite images.
It will compile the verbalised Identity into an original brand

and output it as a game map of what needs to be done,

concretised for each Artist.

ゲーム要素と仮想通貨報酬:

アクションプランをそのままRPGゲームのクエストのような体験にする。
AIプロデューサーとの対話そのもので恋愛要素を盛り込む

1.ユーザーが指示された行動を行うたびに報酬として受け取る
2.人気に応じて報酬が受け取られる


パートナーシップとコラボレーション:

日本国外の音楽フェス


KPIsと成功の指標:

Marketing Strategy Overview
Year
DAU
Strategy
Budget ($)
Channel
Action
2023
800
1. Use influencer, 2. Use techno artist, 3. Event sponsored
63k
1. FB, Twitter, LinkedIn, 2. Offline event
1.use prototype for free
2.event sponsored
3. to B sakes in Japan
2024
8000
1. Community marketing, 2. Air drop macerating, 3. Event sponsored
189
 
 
 
 
1. Discord community, 2. Telegram, 3. Offline event
1.community management
2.event sponsored 3. to B sakes in Japan
2025
80000
1. Make owned media, 2. Event organized, 3. Community marketing
693
1. Owned media, 2. Discord and Telegram, 3. Own event
1. Use prototype for free, 2. Event sponsored, 3. To B sales in Japan
2026
400000
1. Event organized, 2. Ambassador, 3. Community marketing, 4. Market shift
1818
1.ambassador program share by SNS
2.discord and telegram
3.Go to business person target
1. Community management, 2. Event sponsored, 3. To B sales in Japan
2027
800000
1. Event organized, 2. Ambassador, 3. Community marketing, 4. Market shift
4046
Not provided
1. Make original media, 2. Community management, 3. Organize own event, 4. Planning ambassador program, 5. Research for another target and get PMF using advertisements.

 
